Welcome to the school of .NET!
========================

Introduction
------------
### Welcome!
- We're Heidi, Matias & Teodor 👋
    - Shutout to Thomas! (By him a beer at TDC 🍻)
- How did this workshop come about?

### Learning goals
This F# workshop is a bit different, in that it focuses on illustrating "real world" use of F#, over diving into the intricacies of the F# language. By participating in the workshop, we hope that you'll learn about:
- How to create .NET APIs with F# and ASP.NET Core.
- How to structure code with F# modules.
- How to leverage F# in order to create domain models, and validate data into domain models.
- How to create unit and integration tests with F#.

### Agenda
- 16:30 - Introduction to the workshop
- 16:50 - Workshop start
- 18:15 - Epilogue

### Where to start?
The workshop have different [alternative starting points](README_EN.md#-alternative-starting-points). Your free to pick the starting point that best suits your interests, and level of .NET experience.

For beginners, we recommend starting with [Project and solution setup with .NET CLI](README_EN.md#project-and-solution-setup-with-net-cli), and then following each step in sequence.

For more experienced .NET developers, we suggest starting with [Domain Modeling and Unit Tests](README_EN.md#domain-modeling-and-unit-tests).

#### Solution suggestions
Each step in the workshop, have a corresponding branch, containing a solution suggestion with all code required to complete that step. The branches have the format `en/step-n` or `steg-n`, where n is the step-number, and `en/` indicates that the solution suggestion is written in English.

The solution suggestions can be used in two ways:
1. If you're stuck working on a given workshop step, you can use the corresponding solution suggestion to guide your work.
2. If you're starting from one of the later steps in the workshop, you can check out the solution suggestion to the previous step, in order to get a starting point.

Epilogue
--------
- Quick question to the room: How did it go?
    - Did F# leave you with any particular impressions?
    - Were the steps easy to follow?
- Stories about starting with F# at work
    - The one about writing the domain model in F#
    - The one about writing F# tests
- Any questions?

